48|REFERENCES
References

 V. Kaminski, Energy markets . Risk Books, 2012.

 M. Shahidehpour, H. Yamin, and Z. Li, Market operations in electric
power systems: forecasting, scheduling, and risk management . John
Wiley & Sons, 2003.

 Nord Pool. (n.d.a) Day-ahead market. [Online]. Available: https:
//www.nordpoolgroup.com/the-power-market/Day-ahead-market/

 ——. (n.d.b) Intraday market. [Online]. Available: https://www.nordpo
olgroup.com/the-power-market/Intraday-market/

 S. Dong, H. Li, F. Wallin, A. Avelin, Q. Zhang, and Z. Yu,
“Volatility of electricity price in denmark and sweden,” Energy
Procedia, vol. 158, pp. 4331–4337, 2019. [Online]. Available: https:
//www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1876610219308264

 J. Lago, F. De Ridder, and B. De Schutter, “Forecasting spot
electricity prices: Deep learning approaches and empirical comparison
oftraditionalalgorithms,” AppliedEnergy ,vol.221,pp.386–405,2018.
[Online]. Available: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/
S030626191830196XREFERENCES|49

 Nord Pool. (n.d.c) History. [Online]. Available: https://www.nordpool
group.com/About-us/History/

 ——. (n.d.d) Bidding areas. [Online]. Available: https://www.nordpool
group.com/the-power-market/Bidding-areas/

 D. R. Biggar and M. R. Hesamzadeh, The economics of electricity
markets. John Wiley & Sons, 2014.

 T. M. Mitchell et al., “Machine learning,” 1997.

 S.Marsland, Machinelearning: analgorithmicperspective . CRCpress,
2015.

 L. Deng and D. Yu, “Deep learning: Methods and applications,”
Microsoft,Tech.Rep.MSR-TR-2014-21,May2014.[Online].Available:
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/publication/deep-learning
-methods-and-applications/

 C. Olah. (2015) Understanding lstm networks. [Online]. Available:
https://colah.github.io/posts/2015-08-Understanding-LSTMs/

 Nord Pool. (n.d.e) Market data. [Online]. Available: https://www.nord
poolgroup.com/Market-data1/#/nordic/table

 Energimyndigheten, “2019 rekordår för svensk elproduktion.”

 J. Janczura, S. Trück, R. Weron, and R. C. Wolﬀ, “Identifying spikes
andseasonalcomponentsinelectricityspotpricedata: Aguidetorobust
modeling,” Energy Economics , vol. 38, pp. 96–110, 2013.

 D. Keles, J. Scelle, F. Paraschiv, and W. Fichtner, “Extended forecast
methods for day-ahead electricity spot prices applying artiﬁcial neural
networks,” Applied energy , vol. 162, pp. 218–230, 2016. [Online].
Available: Extendedforecastmethodsforday-aheadelectricityspotprices
applyingartiﬁcialneuralnetworks

 Energimyndigheten,“Nationalsurveyreportofpvpowerapplicationsin
sweden.”

